Update changelog / docs about release assets (#1184)
hashicorp/terraform-ls: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.30.2 (15 February 2023)

NOTES / BREAKING CHANGES:

>  - We have changed our release process: all assets are available (and always were and will be) from the [HashiCorp Releases site](https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform-ls)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - We have changed our release process: all assets continue to be available from the [HashiCorp Releases site](https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform-ls) and/or via the [Releases API](https://releases.hashicorp.com/docs/api/v1/), not as GitHub Release assets anymore.
```

Not that I anticipate the Releases site to go away, but we don't need to use as strong language in the forward-looking statement here.
